Update documentation for 2.6.0 (#484)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/user-guide/exploration-space/index.md

![Screenshot](../../_static/images/control-panel/utterances-search.png){: style="width:200px"}

> * **Search a particular string** to filter utterances. The string will be searched in the utterance text, as well as in the indices and the persistent ids.

Reviewer: I was disturbed by the "utterance text" singlural, vs the ids plural. I gave that another try that also mentions the "substring" vs "exact". What do you think?
```suggestion
* **Search a particular string** to filter utterances. It can be a substring from the utterance or its exact index or persistent id.
```
